hey everyone so everybody's asked to me
what I use in my hair how I get my hair
this way so what I'm going to do for you
today is I'm going to walk you
step-by-step through the process that I
take once a week or so to get my hair to
be this way so what I do is what I'm in
the shower I use a moisturizing shampoo
and I also use a moisturizing
conditioner super super super important
that your hair is moisturized then what
I do is afterwards as I'm when I'm
conditioning my hair I'll section my
hair two groups into a group of four one
two three four four sections and with
what I'll do is I'll take the condition
I put tons of conditioner and I'll comb
it out with a conditioner in my hair
with a wide tooth comb so I wash out my
hair I'll put a mask on I like Sebastian
its product the name of them I don't
know the name of the mask but the name
of the product is called Sebastian
that's the name of the brand so it's
really good and it smells really really
good so I'll wash weave it in my hair
for a little while I'll wash it out and
then I'll put a leave-in conditioner
usually infusium or something and then
to make sure my hair stays moisturize so
then here's where the fun begin so what
I'll do is when I I should just sit on
the couch and then I will with my hair
damp I will spray some more conditioner
on it I mean obviously I'll sprayed this
mucky normally my hair is damp so I'm
just gonna spray it up so that way you
can see what I'm talking about oh my
gosh like running out I'm gonna do so
anyway what I use is this right here
it's a product called the roots and in
it I have black vanilla which is a brand
Harold's daughter leave in conditioner
and also infusium and also some of those
roots stuff so it's a combination of
different things so I'll spray that
stuff in there I put a lot in there so i
apologize if it's just too expensive but
it made your hair so it's worth
so then I'll spray some this Carol's
Daughter black vanilla leave-in
conditioner which was in that roots
bottle that's down there and stuff
smells so so good so I highly recommend
and so with my hair pretty much a damp
like this I'll take some more Carol's
Daughter I should get a check from them
and I use some of this healthy hair
butter by Carol's Daughter and then I
will take some of this stuff from the
name of the company's called curls and I
use whipped cream it smells so good
everything here in the Carol's Daughter
this crow stuff smells so good so I'll
take this stuff and I will work it into
my hair like so Maxim and then I'll take
my hair and I'll separate it into two
sections and depending on how big or
small you want the curl on how long you
want it to stay if you want smaller
smaller curls you'll take a smaller
section like this or if you want bigger
curls sort of like what I have here you
want to take bigger sections so what
I'll do is I'll section my hair into
four again and then within the four I
will sort of do another set of four and
that way it'll sort of helped me to pass
the time I usually pop in a movie so
this whole to do your whole head to pin
out how much hair you have we'll take
the duration of a movie um so then what
I do is I'll take my hair and I'll just
twist it like this twist it around
itself you see this is the part I swear
when I first started doing my hair I was
like I don't know how to do this but I
know it's simple but I'm sorry but I was
just totally retarded when I came to my
hair so he is twisted around itself like
this and if you never had a relaxer or
pressed your hair then chances are your
hair will sort of curl up like this at
the ends do you see that if you have a
few pressure here all the time like I
love to blow my hair out but my hair is
pretty much trained at this point but if
you jizz are cutting your relaxer
this is really really key take one of
those like sponge rollers and roll your
the end of your hair around it this will
help you sort of to achieve the rest of
the look that's in your hair and i
highly recommend investing in a sitting
hair dryer that way while you're
watching the movie you just put it on
and then you crank call you up on the TV
and you just chill out for another hour
if you're in a rush that's what I do
like yesterday I did my hair and within
an hour it took me about two hours to
one hour to twist it and an hour to send
to the dryer and I was done this is day
two hair so it looks pretty good so what
you do is you have it like that and then
I send with the drive for a little while
and by I don't know an hour goes by and
you will be done so I know I look like
crazy right now I'm okay so if you have
any other questions you can order all
this stuff online if you don't have a
store around you so I hope that helps
I'm sure if I didn't help there's some
other YouTube lovely generator out there
that can help you but if you have any
questions hit me up